Volto handson post training fixes (#569)
plone/training: docs/voltohandson/blocksedit.md

Everything that's inside the `SidebarPortal` component will be rendered in the sidebar.

## Schema

> To define the fields, that a Editor in Volto can use to customize their blocks we have a schema engine similar to how we define schemas for content types in Plone. Each Block should have a `schema.js` file that contains theb defintion for the Blocks fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define the fields, that an editor in Volto can use to customize their blocks, we have a schema engine similar to how we define schemas for content types in Plone.
Each Block should have a `schema.js` file that contains the definition for the Blocks fields.
```

```js
export const schemaTeaser = (props) => {
  return {
    required: [],
    fieldsets: [
      {
        id: "default",
        title: "Default",
        fields: ["some_field"],
      },
    ],
    properties: {
      some_field: {
        title: "Some Field",
      },
    },
  };
};

export default schema;
```

> We use the `BlockDataForm` component from volto to then generate the interface from the schema. follow the next steps to see how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the `BlockDataForm` component from Volto to then generate the interface from the schema.
Follow the next steps to see how.
```

### Teaser block edit component

> We will start this time with the `Edit.jsx` component. We'll also be creating two children components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will start this time with the `Edit.jsx` component.
We will also create two children components:
```

export default injectIntl(TeaserBody);
```

`TeaserData` holds the code that will be contained in the sidebar:

`src/components/Blocks/Teaser/TeaserData.jsx`

```jsx
import React from "react";
import { BlockDataForm } from "@plone/volto/components";
import TeaserSchema from "./schema";

const TeaserData = (props) => {
  const { data, block, onChangeBlock } = props;
  const schema = TeaserSchema({ ...props });
  return (
    <BlockDataForm
      schema={schema}
      title={schema.title}
      onChangeField={(id, value) => {
        onChangeBlock(block, {
          ...data,
          [id]: value,
        });
      }}
      formData={data}
      block={block}
    />
  );
};

export default TeaserData;
```

> The schema defines the actual fields rendered in thesidebar and saved in the Block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schema defines the actual fields rendered in the sidebar and saved in the Block:
```
